%%%%%%%
% Slide Show Headers

title: Fred Grott's Resume
gradient: top_bottom blue navy

%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% Slides Start Here

h1. Fred Grott's Resume


 _Use the arrows to move through the slides_

h1. Tools I use

* Java OOP knowledge combined with how Dalvik VM operates
* Eclipse IDE, Google ADT plugin, Apache AnT
* Dependency Injection; AndroidAnnotations and RoboGuice/Guice
* Instrumented Testing, AndroidMock, GUI blackbox testing, Robotium
* JVM Shadow Mock Testing(Robolectric)
* Singletons, MVP patterns, MVC patterns
* Agile practices that fit the problems being solved and the situation
* Ruby/JRuby, Groovy, Python to integrate tools together in my developer
work-flow
* Git/Github Mercurila/BitBucket/GoogleCode
* Jenkins/Hudson
* Ubuntu Linux
* Apache HTTPd. Apache Geronimo, Jetty, JBoss, Mongrel
* JavaNCSS, JDepend, Classycle, PMD,Checkstyle


h1. My Digital Shadow-Online





h1. What I have done Before


* Developed Android Applications
* Developed New Android Library frameworks and Developer Tools
* Contributed to Improving other Developer Tools cover both IDEs,
enterprise java and javaME
* Developed Sever side applications in most of the MVC frameworks covering
Grails, RoR, Symfony, CakePHP, Django, etc
* Developed mobile applications in both JavaME and Symbian
* Authored technical articles in such areas as JavaTV, Enterprise Java, JavaME,
Android, Linux, Eclipse, and some of those have been published in high respected
places such as JavaDevlopersJournal and IBM DeveloperWorks
* Contributed to several open source projects such as Antenna ANT tasks for JavaME,
Eclipse IDE, Android Project, SynclastUI, Gradle Android Plugin, PhoneGap, etc







h1. Experience


p. While you can get a sense of my past experience and education from my linkedINprofile you really should instead view my video demos of actually working applications, experimental applications demos, my coding articles with slides, etc. Thus I will give short list with links and than links at the end to see more:


* Custom UI Development
* "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-iQIkC-u-g

* LiveWallpaper Using OpenGL
* "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oGKcIuYiQE

* Customizing Default Android Applicatins Such as HomeScreen
* "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWStoqEvz54

* Cross Platform Apps Using PhoneGap
* "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dutMCM_DB8cl


h1. Coding Articles


*
*


h1. Slides




*
*


h1. Full Working Demos


p. These full working demos can be installed via http from the android device's browser just point the android browser at the ulr and follow the directions on that webpage:

*
*


h1. Contact

p. The best way to get the attention of android developer is to email them with a brief introduction of who you are and the particular request you need filled and describe the benefits to filling your request. And as always bullet points and staying onpoint help.




* Fred Grott
* Greater ChicagoLand Area
* email: "fred.grott@gmail.com":mailto:fred.grott@gmail.com?subject=I saw your resume and
* gtalk: fred.grott
* cell phone and GoogleVoice numbers: ask for them








